From the unique vantage point in space, NASA collects critical long-term observations of our changing planet.					
NASA applies ingenuity and expertise gained from decades of planetary and deep-space exploration to the study of our home planet. The Earth Science Division operates more than 20 satellites in orbit, sponsors hundreds of research programs and studies, and funds opportunities to put data to use for societal needs. We develop new ways to observe the oceans, land cover, ice, atmosphere, and life, and we measure how changes in one drive changes in others over the short and long term. While listening to and collaborating with industry leaders, international partners, academic institutions, and other users of our data, we deepen knowledge of our planet, drive innovations, and deliver science to help inform decisions that benefit the nation and the world.

Earth's warming climate is amplifying wildland fire activity, particularly in northern and temperate forests. When fires ignite the landscape, NASA’s satellites and instruments can detect and track them. This information helps communities and land managers around the world prepare for and respond to fires, and also provides a rich data source to help scientists better understand this growing risk.
2024 is the Warmest Year on Record
How US-Indian NISAR Satellite Will Offer Unique Window on Earth
NASA, NOAA to Announce 2024 Global Temperatures, Climate Conditions
NASA Study: Crops, Forests Responding to Changing Rainfall Patterns
NASA Data Reveals Role of Green Spaces in Cooling Cities
There is unequivocal evidence that Earth is warming at an unprecedented rate. Human activity is the principal cause.
Earth-orbiting satellites and new technologies have helped scientists see the big picture, collecting many different types of information about our planet and its climate all over the world. These data, collected over many years, reveal the signs and patterns of a changing climate.
Human activities are driving the global warming trend observed since the mid-20th century.
Scientists attribute the global warming trend observed since the mid-20th century to the human expansion of the "greenhouse effect" — warming that results when the atmosphere traps heat radiating from Earth toward space.Over the last century, burning of fossil fuels like coal and oil has increased the concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). This increase happens because the coal or oil burning process combines carbon with oxygen in the air to make CO2. 
The effects of human-caused global warming are happening now, are irreversible for people alive today, and will worsen as long as humans add greenhouse gases to the atmosphere.
We already see effects scientists predicted, such as the loss of sea ice, melting glaciers and ice sheets, sea level rise, and more intense heat waves.Scientists predict global temperature increases from human-made greenhouse gases will continue. Severe weather damage will also increase and intensify.
Before-and-after images of Earth.
Climate change in recent history
Climate change’s impact on ice
Vast library of images, videos, graphics, and more
Creciente biblioteca de recursos en español
Established in 2014, this NASA-sponsored team works to improve the understanding of regional relative sea-level change on a range of timescales. They work with partners to translate the latest science and research into actionable information  and to communicate how impacts are increasing at the coast.
NCCS provides high performance computing for NASA-sponsored scientists and engineers. The purpose  is to enhance NASA capabilities in Earth science, with an emphasis on weather and climate prediction, and to enable future scientific discoveries that will benefit humankind.
NASA’s Goddard Institute of Space Studies assembles one of the world's most trusted global temperature records, using a combination of surface air temperature data acquired by tens of thousands of meteorological stations, as well as sea surface temperature data from ship- and buoy-based instruments.
NEX combines state-of-the-art supercomputing, Earth system modeling, and NASA remote sensing data feeds to deliver a work environment for exploring and analyzing terabyte- to petabyte-scale datasets covering large regions, continents or the globe.
GMAO members perform research, develop models and assimilation systems, and produce quasi-operational products in support of NASA's missions. The Goddard Earth Observing System" (GEOS) family of models is used for applications across a wide range of spatial scales, from kilometers to many tens of kilometers. 
NASA Earth Observatory has produced a collection of image series that show some features of Earth that have changed over time due to both natural and human-induced causes.

NASA explores the unknown in air and space, innovates for the benefit of humanity, and inspires the world through discovery.

IPCC agrees on outlines of three key contributions to the Seventh Assessment Report  — HANGZHOU, Mar 01 – The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has agreed on the outlines of the three Working Group contributions to the Seventh Assessment Report (AR7) during its 62nd Plenary session, which concluded today in Hangzhou, China. The Panel Read more
IPCC gathers in Hangzhou to agree on outlines of the key contributions to the Seventh Assessment Report  — HANGZHOU, Feb 24 – The 62nd Plenary Session of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) opened today in Hangzhou, China, to consider and agree on the draft outlines of the three Working Group contributions to the Seventh Assessment Report Read more
Opening remarks by IPCC Chair Jim Skea, during the 62nd Session of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  — 24 February 2025, Hangzhou, China Check Against Delivery Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished delegates, excellencies, dear hosts, As Chair of the IPCC – allow me first to welcome government delegations, representatives of observer organizations, and IPCC Bureau members attending the Panel’s Read more
Experts meet in Malaysia to scope three Working Group contributions to the IPCC Seventh Assessment Report  — More than 230 experts from over 70 countries will gather at the Scoping Meeting in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from 9 to 13 December to draft the outlines of the three Working Group contributions to the Seventh Assessment Report (AR7) of Read more
Vacancies Read more
Through its assessments, the IPCC determines the state of knowledge on climate change. It identifies where there is agreement in the scientific community on topics related to climate change, and where further research is needed. The reports are drafted and reviewed in several stages, thus guaranteeing objectivity and transparency.  The IPCC does not conduct its own research. IPCC reports are neutral, policy-relevant but not policy-prescriptive.  The assessment reports are a key input into the international negotiations to tackle climate change. Created by the United Nations Environment Programme (UN Environment) and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) in 1988, the IPCC  has 195 Member countries. In the same year, the UN General Assembly endorsed the action by WMO and UNEP in jointly establishing the IPCC.










There are many ways to engage with the IPCC
The main activity of the IPCC is the preparation of reports assessing the state of knowledge of climate change. These include assessment reports, special reports and methodology reports. To deliver this work programme, the IPCC holds meetings of its government representatives, convening as plenary sessions of the Panel or IPCC Working Groups to approve, adopt and accept reports. Plenary Sessions of the IPCC also determine the IPCC work programme, and other business including its budget and outlines of reports. The IPCC Bureau meets regularly to provide guidance to the Panel on scientific and technical aspects of its work. The IPCC organizes scoping meetings of experts and meetings of lead authors to prepare reports. It organizes expert meetings and workshops on various topics to support its work programme, and publishes the proceedings of these meetings.  To communicate its findings and explain its work, the IPCC takes part in outreach activities organized by the IPCC or hosted by other organizations, and provides speakers to other conferences. More information on sessions of the IPCC, its Working Groups and the Bureau can be found in the Documentation section.
The IPCC prepares comprehensive Assessment Reports about the state of scientific, technical and socio-economic knowledge on climate change, its impacts and future risks, and options for reducing the rate at which climate change is taking place. It also produces Special Reports on topics agreed to by its member governments, as well as Methodology Reports that provide guidelines for the preparation of greenhouse gas inventories. The latest report is the Sixth Assessment Report which consists of three Working Group contributions and a Synthesis Report. The Working Group I contribution was finalized in August 2021, the Working Group II contribution in February 2022, the Working Group III contribution in April 2022 and the Synthesis Report in March 2023. 
The IPCC is currently in its seventh assessment cycle which formally began in July 2023 with elections of the new Chair and new IPCC and TFI Bureaus. 
IPCC assessments and special reports are prepared by three Working Groups, each looking at a different aspect of the science related to climate change: Working Group I (The Physical Science Basis), Working Group II (Impacts, Adaptation and Vulnerability), and Working Group III (Mitigation of Climate Change). The IPCC also has a Task Force on National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, whose main objective is to develop and refine a methodology for the calculation and reporting of national greenhouse gas emissions and removals. The Working Groups and Task Force handle the preparation of reports, selecting and managing the experts that work on them as authors. The activities of each Working Group and the Task Force are supported by their Technical Support Units (TSU).
The IPCC Working Group I aims at assessing the physical scientific basis of the climate system and climate change.
The IPCC Working Group II assesses the vulnerability of socio-economic and natural systems to climate change, negative and positive consequences … 
The IPCC Working Group III (WG III) assesses options for mitigating climate change through limiting or preventing greenhouse gas emissions … 
The Task Force on National Greenhouse Gas Inventories (TFI) was established by the IPCC to oversee the IPCC National Greenhouse … 
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is active socially – choose your network:










There are many ways to be involved and participate in the IPCC world.
Learn more
HANGZHOU, Mar 01 – The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has agreed on the outlines of the three Working Group … 
HANGZHOU, Feb 24 – The 62nd Plenary Session of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) opened today in Hangzhou, … 
24 February 2025, Hangzhou, China Check Against Delivery Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished delegates, excellencies, dear hosts, As Chair of the …