Copyright ©2025. All Rights Reserved. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishingCookie Settings

As AGBT comes to a close, Julianna LeMieux, PhD, Deputy Editor in Chief at GEN, chatted with Kevin Davies, PhD, GEN‘s Editor at Large, about some of the biggest announcements from the last day. They discuss how single-cell projects are getting bigger, a new 3D spatial company, NEB’s longevity in biotech and focus on sustainability, and Bruker’s deep dive into spatial.

Lastly, if you want more AGBT coverage, please join Julianna’s upcoming GEN Live show entitled, “AGBT Debrief: What’s Happening in NGS and Multiomics?” Experts from the NGS, single cell, and spatial fields join the show to review and dissect this year’s announcements and parse the promises made by companies. There will be a live Q&A session with the audience, so bring your questions for our panel. It’s on Friday, February 28 at noon and it’s free! You can register here.
More AGBT Video Coverage

Sun, Sequencing, and Spatial: Day One at AGBT 2025
AGBT 2025: A Video Update from Day Two

 
As the second day of AGBT came to a close, Julianna LeMieux, PhD, Deputy Editor in Chief at GEN, chatted with Kevin Davies, PhD, GEN‘s Editorial Director, about some of the biggest announcements from the day.
Next-generation sequencing (NGS) created the most excitement on day two, with lunch talks by both Roche and Ultima Genomics.


 
Ultima, a relative newcomer to the field, emphasized that they are driving big projects: single cell with the Billion Cells Project (with Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI) and 10x Genomics) and the world’s largest and most comprehensive proteomics study to date (together with Olink and the UK biobank.)
Roche generated buzz last week when it first unveiled its new technology and instrument during a webinar. More information has been shared since then, with the posting of a preprint on bioRxiv and presenting customer data during their lunch talk at the meeting.
 
For more of AGBT coverage watch Dr. LeMieux’s first day recap and a her final report.
 
In the February issue of  GEN, we were thrilled to speak with Eric Green, MD, PhD, about the 25th anniversary of AGBT—the premier genomics conference happening later this month in Marco Island, Florida. Green, who has attended every AGBT meeting to date, filled us in on the history of the meeting, the significance of the silver anniversary, and the ups and downs over the years. Other topics covered in the February issue include optimizing AAV capsids for delivery and how agriculture companies are looking to gene editing to create resilient crops for the future. In addition, Alex Philippidis, GEN’s senior business editor, included his A-list on the Top 10 Takeover Targets of 2025.

            Copyright © 2025 Sage Publications or its affiliates, licensors, or contributors. All rights reserved, including those for text and data mining and training of large language models, artificial intelligence technologies, or similar technologies.

BioTechniques is part of Taylor & Francis Group.
Taylor & Francis Group is a trading division of Informa that operates through various Informa legal entities including, but not limited to, Informa UK Limited, with the registered address at 5 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1WG, UK.
Follow us on social media
Follow us on social media
Follow us on social media
Follow us on social media
Follow us on social media

CRISPR screens in neurological research: exploring the functional basis of aging and...


Uncovering the molecular mechanisms behind Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease through multi-omics: an...


Analytical validation of the IBD segment-based tool KinSNP® for human identification applications


RNA extraction and RNA-sequencing method for transcriptomic analysis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis


Efficient production system for hydrogel-based transparent soil for plant root observation

BioTechniques is powered by Taylor & Francis Group
Impact Factor 2.2 | CiteScore 2.0