Catch up on global daily news
Dive into compelling long reads
Tune into engaging conversations
Watch engaging short films
Gain insights from experts
Curated news, direct to your inbox
Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events
 The death of giving
Donors should focus on what works. Much aid currently does not 
 International
How criminal innovators are mastering synthetic drugs, AI, the dark web and drones
 The Americas
Bossa nova and samba are out. Funk is in
 Science & technology
Better batteries, cleaner bioplastics and more powerful semiconductors await
Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, said he is “fully committed” to talks with America in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war...
Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, said he would not negotiate under “bullying”...
Britain, France, Germany and Italy said they support an Arab-backed plan for the reconstruction of Gaza...
China announced tariffs on Canadian food products, retaliating for Canada’s own tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles, as well as steel and aluminium products, in October...
Donald Trump’s resentful, show-me-the-money approach to statecraft is catching on
Foreign policy has given the Labour government a purpose, at last 
Which is the real you—your “innie” or your “outie”? 
The former central banker is the favourite to take over from Justin Trudeau 
 The Intelligence
 Archive 1945
 Donald Trump’s first 100 days
 Plot Twist
The president and reality are drifting apart  
What are the lessons of the 1930s?
They must hope levies are never imposed
“Economic nationalism”, our predecessors wrote, “is almost an American invention”
Donald Trump has shattered the principles on which the Western alliance rested, argues the former French president
By trying to stop the rift, Europe may hasten it
Russia is losing more troops than its opponent. That makes it a strange time for America to force an unequal peace on Ukraine
Where an American American cut-off of military aid will hurt most 
 Dateline history quiz
 Mini crossword
 Pint-sized news quiz
As the Liberals choose a leader, American aggression vaults them into contention 
Beating trade wars and deflation and boosting science are priorities
Narendra Modi’s government seeks control of thousands of Muslim sites
Banning a pro-Russian candidate would anger America’s MAGA crowd
Our glass-ceiling index measures the role and influence of women in the workforce
Safe-haven demand and solar panels have sent its price soaring
Not being American or Chinese may now be a help, not a hindrance
And the reasons to try to remain calm
First, the party must work out what it stands for
His address to Congress showed that Republicans will follow their leader anywhere, and that Democrats don’t have one
Free-speech groups worry how far he will go
Political loyalty appears to be more important than tech skills 
Whether he was a great painter is a different matter
In it she positions herself as an elite Martha Stewart
Everyone wins: buyers avoid taxes, and auction houses make money
The case of Viktor Bout, Russia’s “merchant of death”, shows why
Ida Emilie Steinmark explores whether it can deliver on its promise
Britain’s leader has found purpose abroad
The incoming chancellor signals massive increases in defence and infrastructure spending
Without a reprieve, the country will become a failed state
Donors should focus on what works. Much aid currently does not 
To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies.
Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383 | Registered office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT | VAT Reg No: GB 340 436 876
© The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Essential data to guide decisions, monitor progress, and evaluate impact.
See More Data
Explore by focus area
People
Prosperity
Planet
Infrastructure
Digital
Transforming KnowledgeTransforming Lives
Capacity development and training for next-generation leaders
Explore the Knowledge Academy
Search More Courses
Explore by region
Africa
East Asia & Pacific
Europe & Central Asia
Latin America & Caribbean
Middle East & North Africa
South Asia
Tracking our projects and results is a cornerstone of our work to become more transparent, accountable, and deliver impact that changes lives.