Browse by Section
Recent Issues
Browse by Topic
Since its founding in 1922, Foreign Affairs has been the leading forum for serious discussion of American foreign policy and global affairs. The magazine has featured contributions from many leading international affairs experts.
More Resources
 Stephen Hadley, Daniel Fried, and Franklin D. Kramer
 Brendan Kelly and Michael Hirson
 Nicholas Mulder
 Edward Alden and Laurie Trautman
 Michael Kimmage
 Nataliya Gumenyuk
 Steven Levitsky and Lucan A. Way
 Hal Brands
 Paul Avey
 Andriy Zagorodnyuk
 Robert S. Ford
 Michael Albertus
 Ivo H. Daalder and James M. Lindsay
 Robert C. O’Brien
 Nadia Schadlow
 Hal Brands
 Hannah Rae Armstrong
 Michela Wrong
 Patrick Vinck, Salam Alsaadi, Geoff Dancy, Oskar Timo Thoms, and Phuong Pham
 Wolfgang Ischinger
 Tetiana Kyselova and Yuna Potomkina
 Michael Kimmage
 Daniel Yergin, Peter Orszag, and Atul Arya
 Mariana Mazzucato
 By Jonas Parello-Plesner
 By Gregory Carleton
 By Paul Collier
 By William Dalrymple
 Jared Dunnmon
 Jennifer Kavanagh and Stephen Wertheim
 Christopher de Bellaigue
 Hanna Notte
 Hal Brands
 Pratap Bhanu Mehta
 Janina Dill, Marnie Howlett, and Carl Müller-Crepon
Published by The Council on Foreign Relations, Inc.
© 2025. All Rights Reserved.
 Privacy Policy  Terms of Use
 From the publishers of  Foreign Affairs
Our editors’ top picks from the week, delivered on Friday.

Vanda Felbab-Brown									            

            March 5, 2025
          

		  												Patricia M. Kim, 																Aslı Aydıntaşbaş, 																Angela Stent, 																Tara Varma, 																Ali Wyne									            

            March 6, 2025
          

		  												Manann Donoghoe, 																Andre M. Perry									            

            March 5, 2025
          

		  												Armene Modi, 																Bhawana Shrestha, 																Jamila Razzaq, 																Jennifer L. O’Donoghue, 																Mary Otieno, 																Nasrin Siddiqa, 																Samaya Mansour, 																Sumbal Naveed, 																Urvashi Sahni									            

            March 7, 2025
          

		We bring together leading experts in government, academia, and beyond to provide nonpartisan research and analysis on the most important issues in the world.
	

		From deep-dive reports to brief explainers on trending topics, we analyze complicated problems and generate innovative solutions.
	

		Brookings has been at the forefront of public policy for over 100 years, providing data and insights to inform critical decisions during some of the most important inflection points in recent history.
	
Get a daily newsletter with our best research on top issues.

							This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
						

							Already a subscriber? Manage
							your subscriptions

Invest in solutions. Drive impact.

Anna Singer
Joseph W. Kane


            February 27, 2025
          

Vanessa Williamson


            March 4, 2025
          

            February 28, 2025
          

Michael E. O’Hanlon


            February 28, 2025
          

Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala


            March 4, 2025
          

										Online only
									

										Tuesday, 8:00 am - 9:30 am EDT
									
2025

            The Brookings Institution, Washington D.C.
          

            Tuesday, 11:00 am - 12:00 pm EDT
          
2025

            The Brookings Institution, Washington D.C.
          

            Thursday, 10:00 am - 11:15 am EDT
          
2025

            Thursday, 1:00 pm - 5:15 pm EDTFriday, 9:00 am - 1:15 pm EDT
          
Unpack critical policy issues through fact-based explainers.
Listen to informative discussions on important policy challenges.

					Get the latest from Brookings				

						The Brookings Institution is a nonprofit organization based in Washington, D.C. Our mission is to conduct in-depth, nonpartisan research to improve policy and governance at local, national, and global levels.					

				Copyright 2025 The Brookings Institution