Advertisement
Science fiction. Fantasy. The universe. And related subjects.
The Reactor newsletter is the best way to catch up on the world of science fiction, fantasy, pop culture, and more!
Kochin is a heartsooth—a rare being with the ability to heal any wound. Any wound, that is, exce...
Werewolves, queens, and assassins are just some of the interesting folks you'll encounter in Mar...
Hedgewitch apprentices, engineers, students, and paranormal investigators all appear in March's...
A queer standalone YA fantasy full of pirates and sea-magic—and one terrifying monster.
The world of teen horror is a scary place, especially in tales of isolation...
Works on Ancient Greece to the Inquisition and the Renaissance, WWII to the present day…
When Colin meets a shadowy figure promising him his heart’s deepest desire, he can’t resist...
Lanie Stones is the necromancer that Death has been praying for…
In this tender, eerie, and hard-to-classify novel, two sisters live in the Garden, isolated from...
France is under water, Korea is reunited, and a meteorite has struck Washington, D.C. in March's...
The roots of this one go all the way back to Revelation...
When does a genre literary trope cross the threshold into marketing trend?
A woman about to leave on an overseas business trip, calls home from the airport and discovers t...
A new story set in the world of “The Red Mother.” Hacksilver riddled with a dragon, saved his fa...
A pair of sisters are hired to find--and if necessary, dispose of--whatever is killing neighborh...
The spirit of a recently deceased young boy helps a group of ghosts seek revenge on a corrupt an...
Mel relishes running the “Enchanted Jungle,” a roadside attraction in the Everglades filled with...
Teenage Graff dreams of going off-world to explore the universe as a documentarian, but he never...
A woman losing her sight turns to small family magics to save the lives of those she loves the m...
In one small town, the delicate balance between predator and prey is threatened when five girls...
The Reactor newsletter is the best way to catch up on the world of science fiction, fantasy, pop culture, and more!
“A profound love between two people involves, after all, the power and chance of doing profound hurt.”
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand Of Darkness

TPG 2025
                      •
                                Site Credit

For compliance with applicable privacy laws:

The Magazine of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Field
The five-title 2025 PEN/Faulkner shortlist for fiction has been announced, with titles and authors of genre interest, including Ghostroots by ’Pemi Aguda (Norton) and James by Percival Everett (Doubleday).
The prize “honors the best published works of fiction by American citizens in a calendar year.” This year’s judges are Bruce Holsinger, Deesha Philyaw, and Luis Alberto Urrea.
The “first among equals” winner will be announced in April. The finalists and 
Galaxy Raiders: Abyss, Ian Douglas (Harper Voyager 978-0063205741, trade paperback, 400pp, $18.99) February 2025
I think most folks are well aware of how SF/F/H concepts trickle out into the public domain, and percolate through the minds of citizenry who might never have read a relevant book or even experienced a relevant media presentation. Take “teleportation,” for instance. Once an abstruse notion that meant nothing to the average citizen of  ...Read More 
Analog 11-12/24
“That Far, Uncharted Ocean” by Auston Haber­shaw in the November/December issue of Analog features recurring characters and a world appear­ing in previous Analog stories by the author. Amos Tambly is recruited by the Thraad, snaillike aliens, who want to win a sailing regatta but have no knowledge of boats and are afraid of the ocean. Amos agrees, but ultimately learns that the Thraad intend to wipe  ...Read More 
Zodiac Rising, Katie Zhao (Random House 978-0-593-64641-0, $19.99, 416pp, hc) October 2024. Cover by Deb JJ Lee.
Author Katie Zhao opens her young adult fantasy thriller Zodiac Rising with a brief prologue ex­plaining the history behind 12 Chinese warriors, based on the zodiac calendar, who were sum­moned centuries ago in response to a royal plea to battle monsters known as Wrathlings. Their lineage brought peace to the land until  ...Read More 
Keith Roberts’s Pavane: A Critical Compan­ion, Paul Kincaid (Palgrave Macmillan 978-3031715662, $37.99, 86pp, hc) November 2024.
For the past couple of years, Palgrave has been publishing a series of short “critical companion” monographs each focusing on a single title of what it calls the “new canon”; books covered so far include The Last Unicorn, Dune, The Hobbit, Neuromancer, Neverwhere, The Stars My Desti­nation,  ...Read More 
Goblins & Greatcoats, Travis Baldree (Subter­ranean) June 2024.
Unquiet on the Eastern Front, Wole Talabi (Subterranean) October 2024.
Flash Fiction Online 11/24
Subterranean Press has recently been of­fering short fiction online for free, and I’m catching up with June’s “Goblins & Greatcoats” by Travis Baldree, which follows Zyll, a goblin escaping the rain and road at a small inn which just happens to be at  ...Read More 
We are so happy to release our fifth episode of The Storytellers, our series of Zoom-recorded author readings! Previously, we had Daniel Abraham read ‘The Wind’. Today we are pleased to show Henry Lien reading from the first chapter of Peasprout Chen: Future Legend of Skate and Sword, the first in his middle grade series revolving around a sport of his own invention combining kung fu and figure skating:  ...Read More 
Welcome back for another exciting new books video to kick off the month of March! Come by and learn about our picks for the top new SF, Fantasy, Horror, and YA releases for the week! Stay up-to-date, and support what we do, by subscribing to the YouTube channel! We hope to see you next week for another week of books you’ll be adding to your growing TBR list!
Little, Brown Books for Young Readers has announced the launch of New Adult imprint Requited.
The slate of initial projects includes fantasy and romantasy titles by Jordan Stephanie Gray, and its staff includes personnel experienced in genre fiction and fantasy. Senior editors are Alice Jerman, previously at Entangled, and Ruqayyah Daud. Lisa Yoskowitz, LBYR’s Executive Editorial Director, will serve as editorial lead.
Megan Tingley, president and publisher at LBYR, told  ...Read More 
The REH Foundation has announced the shortlist for the 2025 Robert E. Howard Awards, honoring work that is “substantively devoted to the life and/or work of Robert E. Howard” or that “carries on the spirit and tradition of Robert E. Howard, to better recognize and celebrate his influence on future generations of writers.”
Members of the REH Foundation vote on the awards. Voting closes on March 15, 2025.
The Atlantean—Outstanding 
HarperCollins Children’s Books has announced the launch of Storytide, a new imprint for middle grade and YA books. Storytide’s slate will include fantasy titles That Devil, Ambition by Linsey Miller and I Killed the King by Andrea Hannah and Rebecca Mix.
VP and publisher Tara Weikum will lead the imprint. The team will also include Amy Cloud and Kristin Rens as executive editors, and Sarah Homer as editor.
On the  ...Read More 
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers Association (SFWA) has announced C.J. Lavigne as the winner of the 2025 Kevin O’Donnell, Jr. Service to SFWA Award. The award is presented to “a volunteer of SFWA who best exemplifies the ideal of service to the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America.”
The announcement notes, among other things, that Lavigne contributed to SFWA’s “flight crew,” or tech support team. SFWA President Kate  ...Read More 
Salem’s Lot is the latest entry to the already extensive set of remakes, revisitations, spin-offs, and so on that are based on decades-old Stephen King stories. The list of these kinds of titles is substantial, and it includes 2017 film It with 2019 film It Chapter Two followed by upcoming prequel It: Welcome to Derry; 2019 film Pet Sematary and 2023 film Pet Sematary: Bloodlines; the admittedly very  ...Read More 
Nalo Hopkinson was born December 20, 1960 in Kingston, Jamaica, and grew up there and in Trinidad and Guyana, though she also spent some time in the US as a child. Her father was noted Guyanese poet Muhammad Abdur-Rahman Slade Hopkinson. She moved with her family to Toronto, Canada in 1977, where she lived until relocating to Riverside CA in 2011. She earned a Master’s degree in Writing Popular Fiction 

Locus Magazine and Website cover science fiction, fantasy, young-adult, horror books, short fiction, anthologies, magazines, films, news, conventions, and international. Also interviews with SFF authors, editors, artists, and more.

At Fantasy Book Review we are dedicated to reading and reviewing the very best fantasy books for both children and adults (both young and old).
The 100 fantasy books that we love most of all
From the Taoist beliefs of Ursula Le Guin’s Earthsea books to the complexity of Steven Erikson’s Malazan Book of the Fallen
The fantasy books we've loved, ordered by their publication year
High fantasy, sword and sorcery, urban fantasy, historical fantasy and many more...
Including Mark Lawrence, Steven Erikson, Jen Williams, John Gwynne, Ian C. Esslemont, N. K. Jemisin and many more...