The Spectro-Photometer for the History of the Universe, Epoch of Reionization and Ices Explorer (SPHEREx) will survey the sky in optical as well as near-infrared light, which, though not visible to the human eye, serves as a powerful tool for answering cosmic questions. 									
NASA Webb Wows With Incredible Detail in Actively Forming Star System
Don’t Sleep on This: Total Lunar Eclipse will Bring Blood Moon March 13-14
Hubble Spies a Spiral in the Water Snake
Ahead of Crew Return, NASA’s Crew-9 Concludes Science Mission
What You Need to Know about NASA’s SpaceX Crew-10 Mission
Engineers Install Orion Solar Array Wings for Artemis II
Intuitive Machines Mission Lands Near South Pole Carrying NASA Science
What’s Up: March 2025 Skywatching Tips from NASA
NASA is seeking design ideas from global creators for a zero-gravity indicator that will fly aboard the agency’s Artemis II test flight. This opportunity asks for original designs representing the significance of NASA’s Artemis campaign, the mission, or exploration and discovery.
For more than 50 years, NASA satellites have provided data on Earth's land, water, air, temperature, and climate. NASA's Earth Information Center allows visitors to see how our planet is changing in six key areas: sea level rise and coastal impacts, health and air quality, wildfires, greenhouse gases, sustainable energy, and agriculture.
NASA Astronaut Tracy Dyson Speaks to Students
NASA astronaut Tracy Dyson points to the Expedition 71 patch on her flight suit as she answers a question from students, Wednesday, March 5, 2025, at Elsie Whitlow Stokes Community Freedom Public Charter School in Washington. Dyson and fellow crewmates Matthew Dominick, Michael Barratt, and Jeanette Epps served as part of Expedition 71 aboard the International Space Station.
Stay up-to-date on the latest news from NASA–from Earth to the Moon, the Solar System and beyond.
We will never share your email address.
Privacy Policy
NASA explores the unknown in air and space, innovates for the benefit of humanity, and inspires the world through discovery.

SpaceX © 2025
PRIVACY POLICY
SUPPLIERS

Discover our week through the lens
Discover our missions: past, present and future. 
Explore the full range of ESA’s activities through a set of thematic journeys
This is ESA is an illustrated guide to what ESA is and what we do. Now available in all Member State languages.
Check out all our active blogs - although update frequency can vary.
Discover the ESA brand, with guidelines and downloadable assets, such as logos. Plus explore ESA brand licensing, co-branding and merchandising.
Work with a highly dedicated team, committed to ensuring that Europe continues to remain at the forefront of the space industry.
ESA procurements aim to accomplish ESA space missions and to support the competitiveness of the European space industry.
Submit your ideas and change the future of space research, technology and applications.
Creating links between new businesses and ESA