Renewables in New South Wales are set to soar, with the Federal Government approving three major wind projects in New South Wales that have the potential to generate up to 2404MW of clean energy.  Federal Minister for the Environment and...
Effective project management lies at the heart of the energy sector’s continued success. Whether it’s a new development or an upgrade to an existing asset, complex systems, tight deadlines and strict regulations are the norm for projects in the energy...
More than $46 million is available under round two of the Australian Renewable Energy Agency’s (ARENA) Community Batteries Funding Program.  Building on the success of round one, the program aims to deploy community batteries across Australia to lower energy bills,...
 © 2025 All Rights Reserved. All content published on this site is the property of Prime Creative Media. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited 
© 2025 All Rights Reserved. All content published on this site is the property of Prime Creative Media. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited

The US startup Eos Energy Enterprises is scaling up production of its nonflammable, “Z3” zinc battery for long duration, utility scale energy storage.
India’s Olectra has ordered over 2000 more electric bus chassis from BYD. They will all use BYD’s proven Blade battery technology. 
Electric buses are transforming Europe’s public transportation system faster than many policymakers expected. In 2024, nearly half of all new city buses sold in the European Union were battery-electric, according to a new report from Transport & Environment (T&E). This shift marks a decisive moment in the debate over how   … [continued]
The United States insurance industry is in crisis. And if you’re a homeowner or business owner in certain parts of the country, your ability to get coverage — let alone afford it — may soon disappear entirely. This isn’t some far-off projection for the 2040s. It’s happening now. From 2017   … [continued]
A plan to build a pipeline carrying carbon dioxide from the Midwest to North Dakota has hit a snag in South Dakota. 
The energy storage startup Quidnet Energy is ready to bring its long duration, underground “water battery” system to market.
With the exception of Nissan, Japanese car companies have been famously reluctant to bring competitive electric cars to market. On the other hand, the Japanese have always been good at tailoring their offerings to local markets. The EV revolution is in full swing in China, so if Honda and Toyota   … [continued]
February’s auto market saw plugin EVs take 33.9% share in the UK, up from 24.8% year-on-year. BEVs grew in volume by 42% YoY, with PHEVs close to 20% growth. Overall auto volume was 84,054 units, almost flat YoY. The UK’s leading BEV brand in February was Tesla, with two of   … [continued]
Last year, the world bought 17.2 million plugin vehicles, and 10.8 million pure battery-electric vehicles (BEVs). Overall, 22% of new auto sales were plugin vehicle sales, more than one out of five, and 14% were BEV sales, almost one out of seven. That’s “a robust rise from the 16% (10%   … [continued]
Under the Clean Air Act, the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has historically granted California waivers to set stricter air pollution regulations on vehicles, power plants, and industry within its borders. That deal was reached decades ago so that California wouldn’t be dragged down by more lax federal regulations. Donald   … [continued]